Drobnica antkowa (#1581)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/w/istociarz.md

Young Istociarz was a backyard wrestler, active in his small project, [NQW](@/o/nqw.md), as LJ Blade. Per his own account, he took part in [Don Roid](@/w/don-roid.md)'s original training camp, alongside [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md), [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md) and [Klarys](@/w/klarys.md), and later joined by [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md). This is corroborated by [MyWrestling article][antek-skomentuje] where a  mysterious "fourth man" is mentioned.

> Painful training regimen and overall lack of organisation, however, discouraged him from further trainings under Roid. After that, Istociarz limited his activity on the wrestling scene to being a fan and Internet. He was active on forums like BillGoldbergZone and Ultimate Wrestling (as a moderator), and also worked as a newsman for WrestleFans - one of the most prominent Polish wrestling portals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A very painful training regimen and overall lack of organisation, however, discouraged him from training under Roid. After that, Istociarz limited his activity on the wrestling scene to participating in online discussion. He was active on forums such BillGoldbergZone and Ultimate Wrestling (as a moderator), and also worked as a newsman for WrestleFans - one of the most prominent Polish wrestling portals.
```
